1.Study the Yourdon [2] concept of a design walkthrough and the IBM concept [1] of a design inspection. Discuss the similarities and the differences between them.
 　　In the 1980s Yourdon developed the Yourdon Structured Method (YSM) in SSADM based on the functional structuring. The method supports two distinct design phases: analysis and design. YSM includes three discrete steps: the feasibility study; essential modeling; and implementation modeling. It offers a series of models:
      The behavioral model: states that system behavior can be described in three ways: Functions, dynamics and relationships.
      The processor environment model (PEM): describes the allocation of computing functions in processor hardware.
      The software environment model (SEM): defines the software architecture and its effects from each processor.
      The code organizational model (COM): shows the modular structure of each task
2.A software engineering group is developing a mission-critical software system that will launch laser-guided missiles to its destinations. This is a new kind of product that was never built by the company. As a quality assurance manager, which code review methodology—walkthrough or inspection—would you recommend? Justify your answer.
  Inspection because it is the only way to improve the quality of software. Inspection methods can be more effective but success depends on having a sound and systematic procedure for conducting the inspection.
3. What size of a review team would you recommend for the project in exercise 2, and why? What are the different roles of each member of the review team? What groups should send representatives to participate in code review?
　 The review team must include software and hardware development staff, customer support group members, system test team members, and the project manager because these team has a specialization in specific task or project has given. It depends on how big is the project.  
4. Suppose that the C programming language is chosen in the project in exercise 2. Recommend a detailed code review checklist to the review team.
     
    
5. In addition to code review, what other static unit testing techniques would you recommend for the project in exercise 3? Justify your answer. 
    Technical Reviews because as a software quality ensurance, we need to review the technical specification of the software product and checks whether it is suitable for the project. We need to try to  find any discrepancies in the specifications and standards followed.

6. Describe the special role of a recordkeeper.
　
　　A job as a Record Keeper falls under the broader career category of File Clerks. The information on this page will generally apply to all careers in this category. We are still seeking more specific information about this career from experts in this field.

7. Discuss the importance of code review rework and validation.
   
    Code review is a fundamental part of the process of development since the birth of Software Engineering. It is very important because it can fix mistakes overlooked in the initial development phase. It improves both the overall quality of software and the developers’ skills.Code validation helps eliminate problems so there is a better chance of the website being viewed by all on the Net as intended.
